Update security-changelog.md (#3528)
ClickHouse/clickhouse-docs: docs/whats-new/security-changelog.md

# Security Changelog

## Fixed in ClickHouse v25.1.5.5, 2025-01-05 {#fixed-in-clickhouse-release-2025-01-05}

### [CVE-2025-1385](https://github.com/ClickHouse/ClickHouse/security/advisories/GHSA-5phv-x8x4-83x5) {#CVE-2025-1385}

> When the library bridge feature is enabled, the clickhouse-library-bridge exposes an HTTP API on localhost. This allows clickhouse-server to dynamically load a library from a specified path and execute it in an isolated process. Combined with the ClickHouse table engine functionality that permits file uploads to specific directories, a misconfigured server can be exploited by an attacker with privilege to access to both table engines to execute arbitrary code on the ClickHouse server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the library bridge feature is enabled, the clickhouse-library-bridge exposes an HTTP API on localhost. This allows clickhouse-server to dynamically load a library from a specified path and execute it in an isolated process. Combined with the ClickHouse table engine functionality that permits file uploads to specific directories, a misconfigured server can be exploited by an attacker with privileges to access both table engines, allowing them to execute arbitrary code on the ClickHouse server.
```

Fix has been pushed to the following open-source versions: v24.3.18.6, v24.8.14.27, v24.11.5.34, v24.12.5.65, v25.1.5.5

> ClickHouse Cloud is not vulnerable to this vulnerability.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ClickHouse Cloud is unaffected by this vulnerability.
```

> Credits: Arseniy Dugin

Reviewer 2: Hi, can I ask you to make it link to my GH profile?

Reviewer 3: done
